[Music]
welcome back to let's play atlear sophie
my name is carsten
last time um block to screwed everything
up
so let's take a look and see what we
need to do next
so i need to study lots of alchemy okay
i need to find forgotten materials and i
need to bring fire dragon medicine
let's see if we have any requests so i
need to make
i need to make a couple bagel sandwiches
and bring them to
him and figure out where that grass is
and make two bagel sandwiches
with trait recovery up
okay i can make it but i don't have the
materials
what kind of stuff should i make so i
need to make flour
now if we take a look here
i need to let's see can i make flower
with recovery up
[Music]
which material should i choose
actually let's take a look in our
container here
and see what we have with recovery up
hmm
water ingredient secret power
looks like this generic holy water has
that so
if we make what kind of stuff should i
make
that rimmel flower who needs
paper and ore paper can
take water right
[Music]
[Applause]
sure
that and okay so for the water we need
to have
holy water with recovery up
[Music]
yeah one of them and something generic
don't need anything else particularly
we'll just throw one of those in will
this go well now which cauldron
okay i'll try it
it's going great i feel like something
great will happen
whoa this looks kind of a mix i feel
like something great will happen
i feel like something great will happen
again it doesn't really matter there we
go
will this go well okay it's time we need
let me put the rest of them on there
yeah
now we need to make the wheat
or the was it flour yeah it's flour
which material should i choose i have
some generics of these
i have a bunch of these that are
identical
and maybe
that and
i guess
i guess another one of those yeah for
the paper we need to put in this one
for recovery up and for this
um
i got a bunch of stuff with percent plus
five we'll just throw another one of
those in there
[Music]
will this go well now let's go okay
i'll try it uh we'll just throw this
down here
i'll try this here and here
it's going great
[Music]
all right this looks great and there
going great and
there
[Music]
[Applause]
hmm let me purify water
and critical sure that's fine all right
it's done
what's wrong you seem like you're in a
bad mood
oh really how so you really are in a bad
mood
i'm sorry it seems to be affecting my
attitude
what's wrong it's unusual to see you in
such a bad mood plotta
it's about where lord went no matter how
much i investigated
i can find no clues you're also working
very
hard at your alchemy but it's
frustrating that i still can't remember
hey pocta why is lord using ablation
alchemy anyway
luard's been enthralled by the power of
ablation alchemy
in the past luart conducted fairly
normal alchemy research for a certain
goal
but at one point he discovered abolition
alchemy
and blinded by its immense power he
forgot his original goals
it's likely that loud can only think
about researching ablation alchemy now
i see it's true that ablation alchemy
holds
great power if the cost problems
associated with it could be resolved
it could even be the ideal form of
alchemy
however in reality the costs are far too
great
nowart simply ignores that fact he
completely disregards the future risks
we cannot allow lord to continue his
reckless use of ablation alchemy
i need to stop loud no matter what it
takes
i was wondering before but plata seems
to look really sad whenever she talks
about lord
i wonder why
[Music]
yeah they probably used to have some
kind of relationship whether
[Music]
you know some type of intimate
relationship or mastering student or
brother and sister maybe or they were
they knew each other well through some
way i'd have to guess
so let's see back to here
we needed to make two bagel sandwiches
what materials to use that have recovery
up
please that and one of these
and
[Applause]
[Music]
that and i guess
one of them sure
oh i could have just thrown it on there
oh well
and paper again so yeah we could have
done this a lot easier
wait that's uh okay yeah that's one of
the cheap generic ones okay
is this good which cauldron should i use
okay let's start
[Music]
oh this this is good and let's see
there wait this is good
now we'll throw this
on here yeah this looks good
yeah this looks good
yeah this looks good and uh down there i
guess
[Music]
is this good sure that's fine
yeah i should traits should i transfer
and let's see
[Music]
hmm yeah not that it matters i'm
just making these to give away so that
and there
need to go grab more generic water is
this which cauldron should i use
okay let's start yeah i guess it really
doesn't matter here because i'm just
giving it away
so this is good
yeah this looks
oh good this is good this isn't bad
[Music]
all right is this good
yeah i should finish it it's good what
traits should i transfer
is this right okay so those are done
[Applause]
and i also needed to make
a plain waffle
so to make a plain waffle
oh recovery uh what do i need oh i need
the honey syrup i
need can't do honey syrup yet okay
well let's go ahead and go here and turn
in what we can
don't think anyone is particularly out
of place
[Music]
not for early morning anyway all right
so
welcome thank you for coming sophie
which request will you accept hmm four
gold eyes and i don't think i can even
make those yet
and i'm not gonna bother with that i'll
do this one though
let's see
got two of those i'll throw one of them
in
[Music]
needs a bunch of them and berries two
berries
let's see
[Music]
that
you've gone this far we had a bonus i'll
pay you very well for this
oh 9 15 and 10 vouchers
very nice welcome which request will you
accept okay
welcome any interesting rumors okay so
we need to go to scar the land and fight
that thing
um
oh that sounds interesting it's
expensive but
is that hopefully that will be
interesting
thank you
[Music]
forest of fairies so i need to go there
and what's this is that rumor thank you
and you give sweets to test okay you can
do that at some point i'm sure
um
that might be interesting is that rumor
sure
thank you
i think is that i think that might be
some of the things i need
welcome all right so let's head out and
do some of this stuff
where do you intend to go next let's go
up here first
um
did not mean to fight you i shall be
your opponent but these guys shouldn't
be too hard
you know we got 573 on there uh let's
let's see i only got three uses of that
um
[Music]
we'll do that uh what do you have
if you nuke them as well and you nuke
them as well
and you go ahead and just hit everyone
that shouldn't be too bad yep hit
everything
i'll blow you all away
[Music]
gotcha
i bet that
thing is towards one of the ending
sections oh nope darn it
just fight like we usually do i don't
even want to bother
and then they're not even worth my time
at this point
[Music]
let's see it's probably one of these
stage of fairies maybe
[Music]
excuse me
brutal dragon ended i should have gone
there first oh well
darn it all right let's take these guys
out quick
oh these guys really
fine
hardly worth our time but oh well
i'll just attack uh the only one that
might even live okay here we go
attacking yeah that's
[Music]
sick trivial time to get back to
observing plants
can i get over here
okay so it must be maybe the other
section
[Music]
or maybe it's over here oh hello
i forgot boss guy here all right let's
take these guys out quick
it's not too bad
[Music]
and we'll go ahead and do rain shot in
case they survive this round
and
um
how do you attack that guy
i'll use this
[Music]
try to withstand my swordplay
i'll go
okay it's not going to attack but it'll
heal us up wow that was pathetic
we did it a big win for us
[Music]
okay
and this is the stage of fairies that's
where i was
so i need to go over here
protected place and then it's that one
in the back
just fight like we usually do what are
you
twin headers okay
i'm gonna go ahead and do this and uh
[Music]
treat these guys a little bit like
bosses because they're
kind of tough
[Music]
focus one of them down and then the
other
i can't stop now
[Music]
maintaining the oven
okay attack and heal that's good i'll go
[Music]
all right um
i'm gonna use this just in case
you're drilling shovel again and you go
ahead and do
light fall
[Music]
here
[Applause]
[Music]
time to clean things up
that is a good chunk of xp but they were
kind of quite annoying to fight
is that the jungle height yes
[Music]
let's go ahead and go over here nope i
should have used the uh
let me as well use it now no not that
[Music]
this
yeah if another one shows up before
these go away
oh another one didn't show up okay um
let's head back out to the world map now
on here
[Music]
actually let's head out here and back
see if another one yes okay
definitely use that this time
[Music]
and grab another one of them
all right well that ended but that's
okay
may as well gather up the rest of these
and then we'll drop them off and head to
that other rumor that we picked up
assuming it's not over but that one was
well worth the investment
[Music]
okay
[Applause]
[Music]
hey plopta there's something i wanted to
ask you
what is it you know you always look
really sad whenever you talk about
lulard
i wanted to know why will you tell me
i see i appeared that way
while there are many things i wish to
remember yet can't
this is one thing i'd like to forget yet
can't
octa it's likely because
luard was once my friend he was an
irreplaceable friend
and someone who researched alchemy with
me
huh you and lord were from the same
village
yes he might be different now but
he wasn't always like that you asked me
before why i started using alchemy
oh yeah i remember asking that you kept
saying it was a secret
luard and i once studied alchemy
together
for the same goal that was to bring
people happiness
and prosperity through alchemy wait
that's yes the same reason as you
i was a little embarrassed at the time
you asked so
i ended up hiding it in the past
luard and i had the same dreams as you
and researched alchemy for that purpose
i didn't know however
luard has forgotten that purpose alchemy
research was simply a means to reach our
goal
but that means became his goal instead
hey plopta what do you want to do about
laward
[Music]
i need to kill him with my own hands
no matter what it takes just like i did
in the past
leward can't be left alone while he
continues researching ablation alchemy
[Music]
really what do you really want to kill
lord
are you really thinking that i
i see you remembered my wish to make
everyone happy using alchemy
and of course that everyone includes you
too plocta
if you killed lord would you really be
happy
is that really what you want
no it isn't
he may have changed but luard was still
my friend
we had the same dreams and researched
alchemy together
he was an irreplaceable friend
of course i wouldn't want to kill him
but there's no other way
if i leave luward as he is then
hey plopta we should try to persuade
luart together
persuade yeah
we need to make him understand
dan that ablation alchemy is dangerous
he had the same dreams as you before
right
then it should be fine i know he'll
understand
we need to search for a way for everyone
to be happy together
okay it seems you're even more serious
and straightforward about your dream
than me
thank you i'll try a little harder to
see my dream through as well
let's persuade loud together
to be honest there's little hope of
success
but we need to do everything we can
yeah that's right let's do this
[Music]
together
i knew it
[Music]
i did my best to refill them so there's
mystery elixir
and what was that event and find a way
for everyone to be happy
take time to think
well let's go to the world map and uh
[Music]
see what that other place is probably
over here
somewhere yeah moon some more
[Music]
now what was this
okay
i don't know which area it is uh
basket equipment wonder stimulant
it's probably not that stuff probably
not
there it's probably in one of these
other sections
[Music]
probably not the underground one
there we go
i wasn't thinking i forgot to refresh
this
i'll do it now
[Music]
oh in fact actually what i should do i
should hop out and back in
and then do it
here we go
[Music]
okay that ended but
star powder i needed some of that i
believe
hopefully uh six is enough for now
but i'll need to watch for that rumor i
need to make better gloves
may as well gather up some more stuff
while i'm here and have that
active
listen to the nice music
[Music]
get some of that stuff which is also
useful
all this stuff can be useful
[Music]
over here
and through here dodge the enemies grab
some of this
[Music]
maybe fight one of you guys okay
this should be an easy fight oh yeah
very easy
[Music]
that was a piece of cake only 6xp and a
little bit of money but
[Music]
all right come here this would be
anything you lost some
i need to fight more rainbow ponies and
get more of that uh rainbow penny fluid
but rainbow pennies are annoyingly
strong
maybe i should make some puny killer
with
[Music]
all right let's take these guys out
quick
[Music]
time to get back to observing plants
all right and a couple more items
[Music]
okay that's it can't care anymore
um
[Music]
hmm
what can we get rid of
the thing is i have this stuff active
and they're all good quality um
[Music]
maybe some some of those
all right
[Music]
and we will head back
hey bhakta can i ask you something what
is it
why did you and laura start wanting to
use alchemy to make people happy
i was thinking that if we know that it
might be easier to persuade him
a reason it really wasn't much
i don't mind will you tell me i believe
it was when we were still around your
age sophie
[Music]
one year the village we were living in
experienced a drought
and our crops grew poorly luard and i
wanted to do something about it
so we gathered books from around the
village and learned about alchemy
we studied alchemy thought of new
recipes
and created an item and we managed to
solve the village's problem
i still recall how grateful the people
of the village were to us
and it was a joyous occasion thinking
back now
i believe that was the reason why luard
and i started pursuing the same dream
i see though something like that
happened
hey i was just thinking but
maybe we can make the item you created
way back then
the item it was the item that started
your dream
right maybe if he saw that lord would
remember what his real dream was too
i understand it should be worth trying
if you believe that strongly about it
i'll give you the recipe
it was something we could make way back
then so it should be simple for you
thank you plata i'll make it
okay
[Music]
well we definitely need to make that
i did but prototype fertilizer important
item
now i just want to check here
yep got those all taken care of um
okay i think well we've been going for a
little over half an hour so that will be
it for now
i hope you enjoy thanks for watching and
i will see you next time
[Applause]
[Music]
welcome back to let's play outlet your
sophie my name is karsten
i have a few things i want to make okay
i was looking
at recipes we have here
still need to get more stuff to make
that but i do have a star powder now so
that's something
and let's see
that i should be happy a little 50
ideally and i'm not sure it's worth
making
right yet but it's good to know we can i
need to find out what it does
i should make a bunch of those to give
to people let's see here
still need honey syrup need to make more
flour flour is not a problem honey syrup
is
fire drain medicine i need more dragon
blood stones
need more dragon scales and it's not
sure what that does either
i need to figure out a good place to get
pentagrams
[Music]
might want to see if i can
or do it did i already make the grow
great materials i might have i need to
check on that
but i do need to make better gathering
gloves
but that's tricky with the
[Music]
the limits of the colors
i could look into it but um
let's see what else is there
now this i only have three rainbow penny
fluid i need to get more rainbow penny
fluid
now i can make that i wonder if i can
register it after i make it
what material should i need i do have
two of these
[Music]
i don't only want to make that if i know
i can register it and i'm not
certain i can it
is
[Applause]
[Music]
animal gunpowder elixir and neutralizer
no those are what i need
no it is animal gunpowder elixir
neutralizer that's interesting
i probably can register it but i'm not
certain
[Applause]
i should make some more of those those
are pretty good uh let's
see need to make one of those
certain what it does though
[Applause]
and that i need to make
well that's easy to make but i will do
that
later what i wanted to check
[Music]
[Applause]
a refuel bottle with auto activate 50.
i want to see what the living cart does
because i suspect it's going to be
useful
plus it'll get me another thing that i
can make
so refuel auto activate 50.
okay what should i make
a refuel bottle up here what material
should i use shouldn't be too hard
all right so if we do
a stable effect and
your bonus gets would get ten percent
[Music]
effective versus one get
20 and it is a single target item so
we'll do that
i want to sort by
category value but i also want to make
sure we do
blue here
[Music]
[Applause]
if we can
um
quality up would be good
recovery up would be good maybe medicine
enhance
what's that do
[Music]
let me that
and wait
[Music]
yeah we'll do that one and maybe
if i turn off effective versus one and
add
what was it uh
[Music]
vector versus one and is it
fewer bonus
i thought i had
yeah fewer bonus and then here
effective versus one really okay let's
see
which cauldron is best okay then
let's start
yeah this is going great
and let's see yeah this is going great
all right they're going well
[Music]
all right this is going well
[Applause]
hmm not ideal
in fact
[Applause]
[Music]
let me put that there
this one here this is going great
[Music]
and this here this is going well
and then that there okay good
is this really okay it's not perfect but
i got what i needed out of it
all right
and let's see
okay we did have that
and
maybe that too
[Music]
and increase by 15 so yeah that's gonna
like
fill things up a stupid amount
[Music]
okay it's finished but the main thing
is to get the living cart
[Music]
now that living cart what materials
these couple spruce these are all
basically the same right except for this
one
[Music]
not as good quality but it is more
so i'll grab one of them and one of them
it looks like i am still sorting by
category value which is good
actually i want to sort by encyclopedia
and see if i have any here that are
green
because the
no of course not
[Applause]
how about here do i have any here that
are green
yeah i only need one so we'll grab one
of these because it's green
unless do i have any others that are
green here
you know just mineral extract
[Music]
what is that is that something i make or
yeah that's something i make
that's three and that's shaped like that
they're shaped the same
that's higher quality we'll go with that
one
and
is this really okay
no what we'll do is we'll go with
something that
[Music]
yeah i guess that one's okay okay which
cauldron is best
okay then let's start so what i'll do
[Music]
is that's there
[Applause]
[Music]
and then that there we go big cart
[Applause]
all right i'll finish it now
what traits to transfer
[Music]
perfection
i need to see what big cart is
[Music]
um
oh i see up at the top okay so i don't
think anything here is actually going to
matter
i'll just throw in a bunch of quality
stuff um
[Music]
it says count two
hmm use count plus one may as well throw
that one
got an alchemy level out of it
and we can now look at what that
idea is below it
dusk drop don't forget for slaying some
things
ancient cauldron hmm
breaking trust maybe that's like letting
someone die or something
[Music]
uh
skill positive release
hmm
[Music]
now i want to go into equipment here
hmm
[Applause]
right in this body a little reduces lp
consumed by moving
[Music]
wait is it not
okay it is something that goes here
because these are all really good um
you're the only one that can use that
the only one that can use that
only one that can use that all these are
the only one you can use
i don't want to get rid of any of these
[Music]
um
i guess i can swap out
for
yeah i guess i'll swap out for that
what does this do though
yeah that's definitely worth it because
that with three uses
uh 150 items sending back to the
outlayer without having to make a trip
back
yes please definitely
now i did what was this do
[Music]
hmm i might give that to plocta
because that's kind of a useful
defensive item
in fact i think i will
[Music]
recovery medium
it's break value
[Music]
nah won't bother with that i'll keep it
on the one she has now
uh
[Music]
okay yeah we'll go with that set up
let's go to the cafe here
[Music]
welcome thank you for coming which
request will you accept
hmm i can find some of them
[Music]
pirocity
oh i can't even make that
pure water with quality up
[Music]
i think i'll fight some of these guys
fertile shore
welcome now how about rumors
that sounds promising
[Music]
is that rumor okay thank you
oh yeah some of that stuff at the fallen
palace
[Music]
not sure about some of those
welcome i'll see you yeah we'll go with
that
let's head to the map
where are we going next
now are some of those enemies over in
this direction
or no they're in the opposite direction
of course
up there not the only place they are
hmm well we'll go here
[Music]
if i remember right it was kind of in
the back when i had it before
[Music]
i'll sneak by you guys excuse me
don't mind me just coming through
[Music]
yeah i was right there
oops i should be your opponent hmm
do you even have any attack items yeah
you have that
219 433 yeah we'll go after one of these
guys and you just go ahead and do
lightfall
there and
that'll hit most of them we'll go with
that i'll use this
[Applause]
[Music]
oh it's a good chunk of damage
oh well yeah that was easy
grab this excuse me
let's end this quickly yeah let's just
no that's a great demon um
you can't hit both of them
[Music]
yeah we'll just focus on one of them
[Applause]
[Music]
do you need to get better armor from
everyone especially for sophie
yeah that's only going to hit one of
them
oh that will hit both
well that yeah that'll hit both oh and
you can't do anything but attack anyway
okay
[Music]
got one down
there all right let's do it
it's dead for us
will you get i don't
know we're gonna get this you know what
i don't want to deal with you
i'm just trying to get materials
that you're blocking my way thank you
[Music]
excuse me
just fight like we usually do yes i do
have to fight you guys okay
fine
[Music]
um yeah we'll go with that
and we'll go ahead and do rain shot
[Music]
damage
to clean things up
time to get back to observing plants
okay
got another one here
well it's still not over all right let's
take these guys out quick
this should be a lot easier we'll just
attack
wide open i really should probably
heal sophie
[Music]
let's continue like this
okay so that one's done
now let's try to sneak out
[Music]
oh yeah that's right i needed to go
i should head back anyway because
the place i needed to go is at the other
end of the world
back to the world map
where are we going and up to here
literally the opposite corner of the
world
[Music]
and i bet i have to wait until evening
so i'll go gather stuff to pass the time
until that shows up
and if i get close to full i can toss
stuff
back using that cart now
okay now there you is
come here what a pain
let's end this quickly oh yeah this is
easy
i'll just finish off the small one first
[Music]
there leave it to me
yeah no problem at all here
[Music]
get some money for that a few little
bits of xp
[Music]
get some materials there's another one
okay we're gonna give this our all
probably we'll take to the next round
but that's okay
[Music]
it's not like this guy hurts at our
level
i'm gonna fight one more of those guys
so i have three of them and then head
back
[Music]
oh there's one come here hey
just fight like we usually do
wide open attacking
i'll continue
[Music]
pursuing
may as well gather a few more materials
since these can be useful and they're
nice and high quality since it's a
distant
area and we used our uh
whatchamacallits
uh growth thingy item
so i need to make better gloves
[Music]
[Applause]
all right that's good enough for now
i haven't used the cart yet but i'm sure
i will
at some point
[Music]
i did
so let's head to the street into the
cafe
oh hey tess hey sophie
hello tess how's your little brother's
cold
he's perfectly fine now he's running
around like usual
that's good but still
i was thinking about how i didn't want
to see them in pain again like the other
day
if they take medicine they'll get better
but they don't want to
makes the suffering last longer i feel
bad
he said they don't want to take it
because it's bitter right
oh i know huh what
if they don't like bitter medicine i
just have to make sweet medicine
sweet medicine yeah for example if it's
sweet like syrup
they'll probably be more than happy to
drink it
sophie that's an amazing idea you might
even be a genius
i'm sure my little brother should drink
that not just my brothers but all the
kids in town
really well i guess i should try making
it
yeah give it a try i'll be cheering for
you sophie
and what horrible way will this go wrong
[Music]
honey syrup can be synthesized yay
finally
welcome that's awesome for coming sophie
which request will you accept
let's report this
[Music]
no vouchers i need to get
six more vouchers
oh i can do this
[Music]
three vouchers i need three more
vouchers
i can go find a gold pony that's easy
enough
what's this hmm
[Music]
so yeah i'll grab that and i'll have to
remember to fight those
what rumor do you
[Music]
grab that because that i believe
thank you very much yeah go back to moon
sun more and fight some of those
the lynches and grab some of those
and that i won't bother those so thank
you
we got stuff to do which we will do
later
because right now we'll go back here
[Music]
got honey syrup we got some requests and
rumors to take care of grab some
water what are some people doing over
there
[Music]
okay
uh-huh
[Music]
yeah unified's great great kids yeah you
just
keep throwing those things to each other
all right well for right now we'll end
it here
hope you enjoyed thanks for watching and
i will see you next time
[Music]
[Applause]
thanks
welcome back to let's play out your
sophie my name is karsten
so we had a bunch of stuff we needed to
do
we have
events
make sweet medicine which we need for
actually a couple things
we need to make prototype filter
fertilizer
um but we also have some of these to
kill
and some more fertile shore and open
ruins
[Applause]
we need to figure out that but also need
that and rumor we need to go to moon
sun more
so we're gonna go to the world map
[Music]
where are we going next i should make
better gloves but i will work on that
maybe when i get my next cauldron or
level up some more
[Music]
so go to moon some more
and i'm pretty sure it's in the next
area
so i do need to fight some of these guys
i can fight them on the way out
[Music]
or possibly in this area so what i need
to do
[Music]
i use that
and gather i bet i need to fight you
[Music]
shouldn't be too bad
oh yeah this is trivial
moving that was an easy victory
let's continue like this
some of those excuse me
grab that oops probably should have
fought that guy first but it's not that
big a deal
um do any of these others give
what i need it doesn't look like it so
let's fight something else
maybe you you look like you need to be
caught
inferior
[Music]
time to get back to observing plants
and that makes another one of these
appear
ah shattered star ended darn it
[Music]
i might could have checked here to see
if
[Music]
some of these were good
go ahead and gather up what's here
maybe fight some more of those enemies
if i can push the gathering until
evening
so that some more of those glitches show
up
[Music]
and back over here
i want to find another one or two of
those
come on the evening
[Music]
there we go and
you inferior creatures let's end this
so how's that phrase go take the on out
of undead
[Music]
there
a few of those
[Music]
all right let's go ahead and
33 free let's go ahead and use this
send back a bunch of items to clear off
space
[Music]
i don't know if i needed to fight these
guys or not
[Music]
time to get back to observing plants
let's see what were those
shadow death inquisitor
in the fertile shore and archlich in the
open ruins
all right well let's just head out
and see which of those is anywhere near
where we are now or if it's better just
to run back
where can we go next let's see
fertile shore
[Music]
open ruins up there
now we are going to pass through town oh
well
not that big a deal
and it's conveniently nighttime
you are not what i need to fight
nor you
[Music]
maybe i need to
boost up the oh there there's one
don't run away i'm only here to kill you
yeah hunter for these guys 600.
we'll go ahead and use this actually use
some uh
[Music]
skills and
items
[Applause]
[Music]
i'll blow you all away
this should be no problem
that was a little painful
gotcha right on target
[Music]
[Applause]
okay that was quite painful
uh we will use that
[Music]
and uh
well heck we'll just attack this isn't
good they're dead
[Music]
okay now what do we have that we can
yeah we will use that to heal monica up
a bit
okay what a pain let's end this quickly
now we use this again
uh what can you do yeah go ahead and do
drilling shovel
um
yeah we'll do that we'll do
do rainshot
[Music]
well that's annoying i'll blow you all
away
this is a chance a challenge
fair and square
[Music]
and that's annoying okay good it's just
a single target one
and it's not on sophie so
[Music]
leave it to me
did you put no heel on flockta that's
annoying
all right well i'm about to head back to
the atlear so
may as well do this
and
[Music]
i'll go ahead and use that on
sophie just to be on the safe side
[Music]
uh yeah go ahead and use two hander on
whoever's lives in case there is anyone
still alive
[Music]
i'll use this
try using this
[Music]
time to clean things up
and that should pretty much take care of
them
great work everyone yep
close to leveling up again or getting
another point
which would get them another five so i
can
grab another one of those five skills
i'm real tempted to do that but i'm
gonna head back to the atlear
because i'm running low on items and
stuff
then i'll head back in the other
[Music]
direction
back to the world map
[Music]
all right where to and up here
now will it still be night no of course
not
now let's be night again all right
get over here what a pain let's end this
quickly
okay you guys are not particularly tough
so we can just probably just fight you
[Music]
leave it to me moving
maintaining the oven they hardly put up
a fight
all right well that's easy
and get over here
you can find a few more of these guys
[Music]
you shouldn't get a decent reward for
this one
[Music]
time to get back to observing plants
now if i go into status here
abilities
what do we have here that's good
let's see increases attack power and
base damage that might be good
[Music]
yeah increases attack power and base
damage
yeah we'll go with that
um monika what about you
let's see
increases base damage and undead slayer
that's nice
uh yeah we'll do holy blade
about oscar what do you have
it's kind of called a meteor that might
be good
[Music]
oh that needs seven points i couldn't do
that one um
increases base damage and plant slayer
maybe
[Music]
sure we'll grab that one
what about you
all stance rays that might be good
[Music]
increases chance of chain
that might be good because i do use
rainshot a lot
and and lightfall
i think i'll do that since i do use
rainshot a lot
i'll have to give that a try next time
i'm fighting something that doesn't die
in one turn
or one i should be one round
turn whatever in fact
i'm gonna give it a try just to see what
happens
it does take it like a quarter of her
mp but that's okay
[Music]
leave it to me
okay
[Music]
oh double barrier
i'll go uh i killed it before the
attack went off well i'm sure i'll see
it at some point
okay that's that
uh maybe i'll fight one of these poonies
while i'm here
all right let's take these guys out
quick
uh we'll try again see if we can
[Music]
see what happens
one of them might live long enough to
[Music]
maintaining the offense
nope double barrier and then wide open
it's going to die before oh no
[Applause]
more heals for that still want to see
how powerful the attack is but
you'll see eventually a golden twenty
ball
still needs some of the rainbow pony
balls but you know i'll take it
[Music]
i did
do i have a guest what should i do
answer the door of course
yes it's open
hey sophie thanks for everything there's
something i want to give you
received a thank you gift
use it with care see ya
cobalt grass gee thanks oscar
i am so happy to have received
the cobalt grass
[Music]
let's go to
the cafe
oh i needed to make that thing for tess
which request will you accept let's see
we can turn
in some of these certainly
[Music]
maybe that one and that one
thank you and three vouchers i'm up to
100 vouchers
well i can turn this in and get a good
chunk of change
how many do i have four three and three
yeah
you've gone this far i'll pay you very
well for this
cool deal six vouchers
hmm
no don't feel like doing another one of
those what do we have for these
to hear
fruit that gives strength they're like
oil again brutal dragon
[Music]
is that rumor okay yeah i'll go for the
dragon again
go to scar the land and beat that guy up
morning
[Music]
i can have enough for the date ticket
actually i'll do that after well hmm
sure we'll do it now just take it
it's a steal for you thanks for your
business
[Music]
[Applause]
come back
finally you finally obtained it the date
ticket with me
he said you didn't care for it before
you're such a tease sophie
but i knew all along i could see that
deep inside those eyes of yours there
was a burning desire
for me anyway tess
i'll see you later bye
[Music]
i'm sorry wait up i went too far i'll
apologize
you should realize this is just my way
of hiding my embarrassment
wait it is it's only natural i'm not
someone who just goes out on dates on a
whim
but you did your best to save up those
vouchers and i feel at ease knowing it's
with you
tess anyway let's go on our date now
what right now of course the date
ticket's only good for today
i see oh well
[Music]
anyway meister we're going now take care
of the shop until i'm back
hey wait is sophie taking tess out on a
date
damn it i didn't think sophie would beat
us to it
[Music]
let's just ignore them anyway shall we
get going okay
oh worst a drink give me a drink me too
i need a drink to forget let's just get
drunk
oh my i need to attend to all these
customers myself
well i suppose i can look the other way
for one day
[Music]
so is there anywhere you want to go
sophie somewhere i want to go
oh yeah actually there is really then
let's go there
[Music]
this is great yeah it's so delicious
so you remember this place sophie you
said you wanted to come here before
you're such a good girl you score big
points for that
points i was always curious every time i
pass by
it always smells really good if it's
this good
maybe i should bring my little brothers
here sometime
yeah you should do that i'm sure they'd
be really happy
you're right also i want to do something
to recreate this flavor in our cafe
i hear always so serious about work huh
why do you say that
because even when we're out eating like
this you're still thinking about the
shop
i don't know isn't that normal i mean
you're always thinking about alchemy too
oh now that you mention it that might be
true
see i'm right everyone's like this at
least people who are serious about doing
something
you might be right about that thanks
sophie i said i'd go on a date with you
but i'm the one who ended up satisfied
it's fine i'm happy just seeing you
smile tess
whoa there you're starting to put moves
on me like it's natural
just don't say things like that to men
okay huh why not
because they'll misunderstand you you'll
get it when you're a little older
huh really yeah you'll understand soon
enough
anyway we should get back now
[Music]
i'm back me too i was waiting for you
tess
it's complete chaos in here please help
me
another drink give me another one tess
i love you jess oh i see
i'll go get ready sorry sophie
looks like it's kind of a mess here i
had a lot of fun
do your best at work yeah
tess is going to work hard today too
all right then okay now we will go
and fight the dragon what's our
destination
[Music]
right up here
actually i didn't check to make sure our
equipment was appropriate
it's probably not but yeah
i'm sure we'll be fine worst that
happens is we all die horribly
i think it's on this one
[Music]
do not fight me right now bird
is it not up here
[Music]
is it not up here is it at the other
place
i thought it was over here or
there
maybe it is the other
isn't this where we fought it before
fine we'll go to the other place
[Music]
it's not you guys
where is this dragon
[Music]
maybe i have to gather up materials
first
you know boost the level of the place
fine i'll gather up some materials first
grab some of these oh hello
[Music]
okay
okay it is there
[Music]
cleverly disguised as a crystal
the butterfly dragon thingy
all right
we'll increase its the damage it takes
we will
um
defense up and reduce status ailments we
go with that
we'll be spamming that with
and brave soul here i go you might want
to switch to defense let's see how much
damage it does to me
[Music]
okay
we'll reduce its defense
go ahead and start using that
[Music]
uh we'll give it imps mischief see what
we get there
[Music]
that's the mini let's do the spirit
weave cloth
[Music]
i can't stop now
ow i'll use this
[Applause]
yeah we're doing fine gotcha
this happens if you interfere
[Music]
it did resist some stuff but i got a
level down in there which is bound to
help
[Music]
okay i think we pretty much got that oh
yeah it's dead
too easy
[Music]
this oscar goes up and hits it in the
foot with a shovel one last
time falls over
[Music]
and no
no dragon item things that's
disappointing
as well gather these up while i'm here
and then head back
i'm kind of disappointed that we didn't
get
any of the dragon related drops from
that thing
[Music]
i already have a ton of these too
yeah let's just head back nothing really
spectacular here
i did
[Music]
let's see did we have any other open
rumors no
[Music]
oh what we can do
is we can make
[Applause]
where is it
[Music]
i need like i need two honey syrups for
the waffle
and another for tess okay that does make
three of them
i think unless that's three uses
[Music]
yeah it's probably three
uses oh yeah number made one great
what materials to use
[Music]
[Applause]
medicine um
[Music]
what do we have as far as
if we go to encyclopedia
item
we filter
by actually if we go to all
filter by category
medicine
[Music]
not medicine material i think we
actually have to do medicine
yeah medicine is what we need
[Music]
[Applause]
okay yeah just making a few burk
medicine is probably our best bet
so
making honey syrup needs one medicine
so i need to get
i need to make three medicines three of
the berg medicine
what materials to use
[Applause]
sure
[Music]
[Applause]
i just want to put the let's start by
quality
and go to the end just put
low quality junk on there recovery up
and
[Music]
which cauldron should i use okay let's
start
it does not matter for
what i'm doing right now this is good
yeah this looks good
this isn't bad
is this yeah
what materials to use
[Music]
and
yeah this looks good yeah good
[Music]
is this all right
[Applause]
is this witch cauldron okay then oh
right
this is good all right this is going
well i think something good will happen
all right all right that's three of
those
okay it's finished now we need to go
down
to honey syrup what should i use
[Applause]
is this which cauldron is okay then
let's start
this is great i think something good
will happen
i think something good will happen
is this really all right i'll finish it
now
i don't think it really matters what the
traits and stuff i'm doing
on these are
what material should i use not for what
i'm doing with it right now anyway
just kind of spam these out
okay then let's this goes here
this is great this is garbage
that's right this is going well yeah
whatever
is this all right i'll finish it now
[Music]
is this which cauldron is okay then
let's start
i need to find out where my uh where the
next cauldron is going to be
as awesome as the fairy cauldron is
still not
quite as good as i would like i'm hoping
the
next children makes it easier to get
better gloves
okay so that's that
[Applause]
i need to make flour that's easy enough
what material should i use
[Music]
magic page
i'm just gonna use some generic
paper here if i have any that i don't
care about yeah
that one is yeah that one's fine
that has attack boost but it's really
low quality which cauldron is back okay
then
let's start wait did that
on before i do that
oh yeah the flower is fine i don't care
about the flower
what materials today well i need to
check
the uh
let's see um
i need to check what was it the um
if the require if there's a requirement
on that uh waffle
other than just making one which
cauldron is bad okay then
let's start
yeah this is going great
i should put that one first yeah this is
going great
all right this is going well
yeah let me put that
[Music]
yeah this is going great
there we go is this really okay yeah
it's a all right plus five on ingredient
what trades fixed recovery
that's interesting that we got that on
[Music]
there
now we can make the uh plain waffle
what material should i use
[Music]
there's two of those and two of those
and one of those
and
hang on you need to check
the it doesn't doesn't matter trade
okay what should i make
what material should i use
supreme hot milk uh yeah that's fine
and we'll use one of these okay which
cauldron is best
okay then let's start
[Music]
yeah this is going great
and we'll do that it's going great
now for this we will yeah
this is good
[Music]
[Applause]
hmm
[Music]
what traits should i add doesn't matter
here though we'll do quality
up just to get the
because i think quality does get us a
better bonus
um
[Music]
jumbo size now um
that and fix recovery sure
[Music]
yeah this is all done
all right so we got those done finally
let's just turn those in real quick
[Music]
welcome thank which request will you
with
we will report that you've gone this far
2240 instead of 1872 i'm good with that
um
[Music]
welcome and of course tess isn't here
today i'll grab some more water
just real quick here
because it's always handy to have some
throwaway water for
throwaway crafting but for right now
we'll end it here hope you enjoyed
thanks for watching and i will see you
next time
[Applause]
[Music]
welcome back to let's play out your
sophie my name is karsten
let's do a couple things here
you know we haven't done doll making in
a while
okay let's see
what should i use if we serve this my
encyclopedia
because i think each type of item it
doesn't matter what it is gives the same
type of boost
so let's let's try sun powder
[Music]
maybe that one what should i use
what do we have here
[Music]
oh my alchemy drops does it interesting
change there
[Music]